In this project, i am supposed to simulate a page table and given a sequence of memory
accesses and whether each access was read or write, you are supposed to output the number
of page faults, the number of reads from the disk and the number of writes to the disk. The
specifications are given below.

### Details:

1. implemented 5 strategies, OPT, FIFO, CLOCK, LRU, and RANDOM.
2. Program will take input a trace file named trace.in, an integer denoting the
number of frames available, and a string which would denote the strategy. For instance, if the executable is named foo, then an example command that should work
is ./foo trace.in 100 OPT
3. The trace file is a list of virtual memory addresses followed by letter "R" or "W", which
would indicate whether the memory access was a read or write. Each line of the trace file
would have one such memory access. A part of the file might look like the following.
0x4000a340 R<br>
0x4000a345 R<br>
0x4000a34b R<br>
0x4000a353 W<br>
0x4000a355 R<br>

4. The string for the strategies would be named as following: OPT, FIFO, CLOCK, LRU,
and RANDOM.
5. The size of one frame is 4KB, and assume that the physical memory can hold number of
frames that is given as an integer input (maximum 1000).
6. All the memory references are generated by the same process, so I maintained
only one page table. Also, since the process never ends, once all the frames in physical
memory are full, they will not be freed up again, except to bring a page from the memory.
7. Numbering the frames from 0 to n − 1 where n was the input integer. Initially,
assuming all the frames to be free and started assigning from the first. Page replacements
is done after all the frames will be full.

8. If the page to be replaced is not dirty, it does not need to get written, it is simply “dropped”
from the physical memory.
9. I am not simulating the disk, I am just keeping track of number of reads from the disk
and writes to the disk. Assume=ing that a 4KB page can be written to/read from the disk in
a single write/read operation.

10. For RAND, using the rand() and srand() functions in C, and seting the seed to 5635. i am finding
 the generated random number modulo n (the input integer) to get the
random frame.
11. For each of the strategies, my output looking like the following.
Number of memory accesses:<br>
Number of misses:<br>
Number of writes:<br>
Number of drops:<br>

12. In addition to the above, if the -verbose option is used then after each page replacement,
the program printing which page (page number in hex) was brought in, and which
page was dropped/written on disk. The format is like one of the lines below.<br>
Page 0x40345 was read from disk, page 0x40310 was written to the disk.<br>
Page 0x40345 was read from disk, page 0x40310 was dropped (it was not dirty).<br>
